feat(trends): add a section for trends (#2556)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/transaction-summary.mdx

This graph shows the [average transaction duration](/product/performance/metrics/#average-transaction-duration) across distinct percentiles. For example, see how different the P50 and P99 response time durations are for a given transaction and understand the rate of increase between segments.

### Trends

> This graph shows the unsmoothed data of the Display data, along with a smoothed version of that data using a modified version of [ASAP](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.00983.pdf) smoothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This graph uses a modified version of [ASAP](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.00983.pdf) smoothing. The Trends graph shows the unsmoothed data of the Display data, along with a smoothed version of that data.
```

> On initial load, the table displays the slowest occurrences of the transaction along with the Event ID, User, Transaction Duration, and Timestamp of the event. Click on the Event ID to open the [event detail](/product/performance/event-detail/) for the transaction. Other sets of transactions you can browse through are below.

Reviewer 2: We also need to change this sentence. `On initial load, the table displays slow occurrences of the transaction...`
